EditPlus Version 2 License Agreement
====================================

NO WARRANTY
-----------
EDITPLUS IS SOLD "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY AS TO 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY 
OTHER WARRANTIES EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THE AUTHOR WILL 
NOT BE LIABLE FOR DATA LOSS, DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY 
OTHER KIND OF LOSS WHILE USING OR MISUSING THIS SOFTWARE.

Evaluation and Registration
---------------------------
EditPlus is not free software. You may use this software for 
evaluation purposes without charge for a period of 30 days. If 
you use this software after the 30 day evaluation period, you 
must pay registration fee.

Distribution of the evaluation version
--------------------------------------
You may copy the evaluation version of this software and 
documentation as you wish, and give exact copies of the 
original evaluation version to anyone, and distribute the 
evaluation version of the software and documentation in its 
unmodified form via electronic means. But you should not 
charge or requesting donations for any such copies however 
made and from distributing the software and/or documentation 
with other products without the author's written permission.

Registered version
------------------
One registered copy of EditPlus may either be used by a single 
person who uses the software personally on one or more 
computers, or installed on a single workstation used 
non-simultaneously by multiple people, but not both. You may 
access the registered version of EditPlus through a network, 
provided that you have obtained individual licenses for the 
software covering all workstations that will access the 
software through the network.
